(It's been a while seeing LOOΠΔ / yyxy's group shot)
Chuu: HyeJoo here, HyeJoo (the stunt person) there!
Olivia Hye: Olivia Hye~
(The stunt person for Olivia Hye's filming is over)
(What scene LOOΠΔ / yyxy is about to shoot?)
(The running scene!)
Olivia Hye: ViVi, who are you rooting for?
(But ViVi is so kind so she couldn't tell who she's rooting for)
(Maybe Chuu's very competitive!!)
'1, 2, 3'
'Run!'
(Yves standing out among others)
'Wow, Yves~'
ViVi: So... Yves is really...
ViVi: fast...
'This is good. We need this running feeling'
'These two ran very well'
'However these....'
'You guys need to run faster than this, okay?'
'Just a little faster'
'The distance between them is too far to shoot together even in a single frame!'
Yves: She said she was also in track and field~
Olivia Hye: But I just did the high jump, not running~
Yves; (Emotionless) Oh~